Update python recipe to use virtualenv (#61)
databricks/containers: ubuntu/python/README.md

> # Python Container

Reviewer: Could we document which DBR versions this dockerfile is expected to work with?

Author: Just checked, seems like 7.x does not work with these package versions. Is it acceptable to say it's supported for 8+?

Author: nevermind, it was due to the ipython version being too high. Downgraded it, added a comment, and a clarification here in the README that this recipe supports 7.3 LTS and above.

Reviewer: Great, thanks for confirming!

> This image adds a working Python environment to `databricksruntime/minimal` using virtualenv. For a Conda-based Python environment, an alternative image can be found [here](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python-conda).

Author: @husseinnagr-db should we mention the conda alternative here or not, since we want users to switch to virtualenv?

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine to mention it, but let's specify that Databricks recommends virtualenv? We should also mention that certain features like notebook-scoped libraries (%pip) will not work with the conda recipe in newer runtimes

Reviewer 2: Additionally, could you update the first line of the README here - https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python-conda to say the same (that databricks recommends the default virtualenv image, and certain features like %pip won't work)

## Supported Features
  - Scala Notebooks
  - Java/Jar jobs
  - Python Notebooks, Python Jobs
  - %sh

## Unsupported Features
  - DBFS FUSE mount (/dbfs)
  - Ganglia
  - Spark Submit Jobs

>   - SSH

Author: todo: need to verify what these two exactly refer to and if they're added in another layer.

Reviewer 3: SSH is tangential, it installs openssh-server.
Spark Submit uses python, so it's worth testing: see "spark submit" here: https://docs.databricks.com/jobs.html

Author: Tested spark submit and it works! updated the README.

# Python Container

This image adds a working Python environment to `databricksruntime/minimal` using virtualenv, and is supported for Databricks Runtime 7.3 LTS and above.
For a conda-based Python environment, an alternative image can be found [here](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python-conda).

> Note that Databricks recommends this default virtualenv-based recipe, as certain features like notebook-scoped libraries (e.g. `%pip`) will not work with the conda recipe in newer runtimes (Databricks Runtime 9.0 and above).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that Databricks recommends using this recipe unless you need libraries that are only available from conda, as certain features like notebook-scoped libraries (e.g. `%pip`) will not work with the conda recipe in newer runtimes (Databricks Runtime 9.0 and above).
```
